# 2021-11-6
Members Present: Aadi, Sava, Govind
**Notes:**
* Ducky Spinner was mounted
* Controller + Expansion Hub mounted onto acryllic plate    



# 2021-10-31
Members Present: Aadi, Sava, Govind, Alisha, Amu, Rishi, Rishabh AKA Rick Chubb
**Notes:**
Mechanical:Fixed squeaking issues with the robot, finalized intake
Programming:
 - Fixed driving issue on robot
 - Working on manipulator module
 - Implemented manipulator properties into controller
Outreach:
Other: Created new task board using GitHub projects beta for all teams
    
# 2021-10-30
Members Present: Aadi, Sava, Govind
**Notes:**
*Finished bottom intake
*Worked on CAD for arm of the servo motor on the viper slide


# 2021-10-29

Members Present: Rishi

**Notes:**
* Programming: Finished AutoController and completed pull request
* Organization: Changed GitHub project board to new beta version 


# 2021-10-29

Members Present: Amu

**Notes:**
* Robot: Worked on the claw design for the intake in CAD
* Outreach: Made the overall outreach plan, began distributing tasks for the qualifier, and also sent out the email to the potential qualifier judge volunteers

# 2021-10-28

Members Present: Amu

**Notes:**
* Made tasks for qualifier and updated GitHub Project
* Started drafting email that would go out to everyone who we want to be a judge

# 2021-10-24

**Members Present:** Aadi, Arya

**Notes:**
* Started changing the 2-hole motor holder to a 5-hole holder 
* Mounted both 5-hole holders, need to add motor assembly and wheels

**Blocking:**
* Nothing

# 2021-10-24

**Members Present:** Aadi, Sava, Arya, Amulya, Rishi, Rishabh, Govind
**Notes:**
* Outreach: Finished planning for the STEM Camp tommorow
* Robot Mech: Completely finished changing 2-hole motor holder to 5-hole with motors on the inside
* Robot Programming: Worked on creating AutoController and example modes. Need to write tests.

#2021-10-26

**Members Present:** Aadi, Amulya, Alisha, and Sava
**Notes:**
* Replaced original screws in the motor assembly to the low-profile ones
* Mounted the intake motor onto the robot

**Blocking:**
* Nothing


# 2021-10-23

**Members Present:** Aadi, Arya

**Notes:**
* Started changing the 2-hole motor holder to a 5-hole holder 
* Mounted both 5-hole holders, need to add motor assembly and wheels

**Blocking:**
* Nothing
**Members Present:** Rishi, Rishabh

**Notes:**
* IMU implementation
* Resolved issue with drive direction
* Discussed autonomous controller with modes
* Need to create tasks for modes

**Blocking:**
* None

# 2021-10-17

Members Present: Amu, Arya, Aadi, Govind, Rishi, Rishabh, Sava

Notes:
* **Mech**: Finished building the the vertical motor base chassis and found a way to prevent the gears from clipping the screws
* **Programming**: Implemented the mecanum wheel driver
* **Outreach**: Came up with a lesson plan for the week 3 class

# 2021-10-22

Members present: Amu, Alisha

Notes:
* Started drafting a high-level plan for the qualifier
* Identified roles needed and the headcount for each role
* Discussed reaching out to community members to be judges and referees
* Talked about when to meet again and steps going forward

# 2021-10-16

Members Present: Amu, Aadi

Notes:

* Began building the vertical motor chassis

# 2021-10-15

Members Present: Amu

Notes:

* Finished taking apart the lifted chassis
* Started building the vertical motor chassis


# 2021-10-14

Members Present: Amu

Notes:

* Began taking apart the lifted chassis to prepare for building the vertical motor chassis

# 2021-09-21  

Members present: Sava, Amulya, Rishab, Aadi, Alisha

We started discussing drivetrains. We decided our drivetrain needs to be able to go over the blocker. We eliminated swerve drive immediately because it is too complicated and would likely have trouble. We settled on two main options, tank (with wheels or treads), and lifted mecanum. We also put some thought into “triples.” A system where wheels are minted in a triangle shape and when it hits an obstacle they rotate. This would allow us to easily cross the obstacle. We decided against it because of the complexity and inability to strafe. In the end, we decided to proceed with a lifted mecanum drive train and build a prototype.

# 2021-09-22
Members present: Sava, Amulya, Govind, Aadi

We broke into two groups. One began prototyping a lifted mecanum chassis. The other began building a gobilda chais we won in a raffle. We prototyped half of the lifted chassis and discovered we were missing some parts. We ordered the missing parts.

# 2021-09-23  
Members present: Sava, Amulya, Govind, Aadi

We broke into two groups. One began prototyping a lifted mecanum chassis. The other began building a gobilda chais we won in a raffle. We prototyped half of the lifted chassis and discovered we were missing some parts. We ordered the missing parts.

# 2021-09-24 
Members Present: Sava, Amulya, Govind, Aadi

We broke into two groups. One began prototyping a lifted mecanum chassis. The other began building a Gobilda chais we won in a raffle. We prototyped half of the lifted chassis and discovered we were missing some parts. We ordered the missing parts.
\*From home, Sava and Govind were researching different intake designs\*

# 21-09-26  
Members present: Govind, Sava

We finally received the missing parts for the lifted chassis. We finished building it. We found that because we mounted the motors in the middle of the robot it had to be extremely wide. We were hoping to build a chassis that could go both over and around the obstacles. Moving forward, we are starting to design a lifted chassis with the motors vertically over the wheels. We are hoping to complete the CAD in three days.

-   9/30/21 - CAD is complete.


# 2021-9-28

**Members Present:** Amu

**Notes:**
* Opened field kit and read setup/instructions
* Almost finished building the shared shipping hub

**Blocking:**
* Find the colored tape to complete the shared shipping hub


# 2021-10-2

**Members Present:** Aadi and Arya

**Notes:** 
* Finished mounting battery and control hub 
* Basic strafer chassis has been fully built

**Blocking**

* Wating for program to test its basic navigation


# 2021-9-27

**Members Present:** Amu, Alisha

**Notes:**
* Finished planning for Sharon Day
* Put together marshmallow challenge bags and made mason jars
* Tested lava lamp experiment
* Put together informational flyer with Tech Tigers info + QR code to website

# 2021-10-5

**Members Present:** Aadi, Govind, and Amulya

**Notes:**
* Built everything except the perimeter in the field kit

**Blocking** 
* Need to create space for perimeter
* Waiting for tiles to arrive

**Blocking:**
* Nothing


# 2021-10-04

**Members Present:** Amulya, Alisha, and Aadi

**Notes:**
* Created meeting agenda for robotics club day 1
* Seperated the 5 different robot kits

**Blocking:**
* None

